Added docs for app health checks (#2870)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/arguments-annotations-overview.md

  - "/operations/hosting/kubernetes/kubernetes-annotations/"
---

> This table is meant to help users understand the equivalent options for running Dapr sidecars in different contexts–via the [CLI]({{< ref cli-overview.md >}}) directly, via daprd, or on [Kubernetes]({{< ref kubernetes-overview.md >}}) via annotations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This table is meant to help users understand the equivalent options for running Dapr sidecars in different contexts, via either:

 - The [CLI]({{< ref cli-overview.md >}}) directly;
 - _daprd_; or
 - [Kubernetes]({{< ref kubernetes-overview.md >}}) annotations.
```

Author: Here too, I think a list gives less of a sense that it's an "or". Also, it looks very un-balanced visually

Reviewer: Ok! I like lists if you can't tell haha. I'm fine either way though :)

| `--profiling-port` | `--profiling-port` | | not supported | The port for the profile server (default "7777") |
| `--app-protocol` | `--app-protocol` | `-P` | `dapr.io/app-protocol` | Tells Dapr which protocol your application is using. Valid options are `http` and `grpc`. Default is `http` |
| `--enable-app-health-check` | `--enable-app-health-check` | | `dapr.io/enable-app-health-check` | Boolean that enables the health checks. Default is `false`.  |
| `--app-health-check-path` | `--app-health-check-path` | | `dapr.io/app-health-check-path` | Path that Dapr invokes for health probes when the app channel is HTTP (this value is ignored if the app channel is using gRPC). Requires app health checks to be enabled. Default is `/health` |
| `--app-health-probe-interval` | `--app-health-probe-interval` | | `dapr.io/app-health-probe-interval` | Number of *seconds* between each health probe. Requires app health checks to be enabled. Default is `5` |
| `--app-health-probe-timeout` | `--app-health-probe-timeout` | | `dapr.io/app-health-probe-timeout` | Timeout in *milliseconds* for health probe requests. Requires app health checks to be enabled. Default is `500` |

> | `--app-health-threshold` | `--app-health-threshold` | | `dapr.io/app-health-threshold"` | Max number of consecutive failures before the app is considered un-healthy. Requires app health checks to be enabled. Default is `3` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--app-health-threshold` | `--app-health-threshold` | | `dapr.io/app-health-threshold"` | Max number of consecutive failures before the app is considered unhealthy. Requires app health checks to be enabled. Default is `3` |
```
